# LEGO Sets

Write a program that reads LEGO SETS from the standard input in CSV format, then sorts and prints them to the standard output.

## Defining record

Define the record `LEGO_SET` based on a structure having the following fields:

* `code`: code (number) of the set (a string having at most `5` characters, type: `char[]`)
* `name`: name of the set (a string having at most `50` characters, type: `char[]`)
* `theme`: theme of the set (a string having at most `30` characters, type: `char[]`)
* `bricks`: bricks (pieces) in the set (a positive integer, type: `int`)


## Reading records from the standard input

Each line of the standard input represents a single record in the following format:

```
<code>;<name>;<theme>;<bricks>
```

**Notes:**

1. Solve the exercise in function `main()`.
4. The input uses semicolons (`';'`) as the delimiter.
5. Each line contains at most `200` characters.

**Types of input**

1. The end of the input is denoted with `EOF`. It is guaranteed, that the standard input contains at most `20` lines.

    ```
    30356;Hot dog stand;Lego City;43
    30360;Arctic Ice Saw;Lego City;43
    30381;Imperial TIE Fighter;Lego Star Wars;42
    10258;London Bus;Lego Creator Expert;1686
    10253;Big Ben;Lego Creator Expert;4163
    ```

2. The end of the input is denoted with a line containing the character sequence `"END"`. It is guaranteed that the standard input contains at most 20 lines. The last line should not be processed.

    ```
    30356;Hot dog stand;Lego City;43
    30360;Arctic Ice Saw;Lego City;43
    30381;Imperial TIE Fighter;Lego Star Wars;42
    10258;London Bus;Lego Creator Expert;1686
    10253;Big Ben;Lego Creator Expert;4163
    END
    ```

3. The first line of the input contains the value `n` denoting the number of records. Each of the next `n` lines describes a record.

    ```
    5
    30356;Hot dog stand;Lego City;43
    30360;Arctic Ice Saw;Lego City;43
    30381;Imperial TIE Fighter;Lego Star Wars;42
    10258;London Bus;Lego Creator Expert;1686
    10253;Big Ben;Lego Creator Expert;4163
    ```

## Sorting records

Sort the array using built-in function `qsort()`, and the following stages:

1. count of bricks (descending)
1. theme (ascending)
1. name (ascending)
1. code (ascending)

**Notes:**

1. Invoke function `qsort()` in function `main()`.

## Writing records to the standard output

Write the elements of the sorted array to the standard output using in the following format:

```
<name> (<code>): <pieces> - <theme>
```

**Notes:**

1. Each line contains one record.

## Sample execution

The following lines should be printed to the standard output in the case of all input formats:

```
Big Ben (10253): 4163 - Lego Creator Expert
London Bus (10258): 1686 - Lego Creator Expert
Arctic Ice Saw (30360): 43 - Lego City
Hot dog stand (30356): 43 - Lego City
Imperial TIE Fighter (30381): 42 - Lego Star Wars
```