# Airports

Write a program that reads airports from the standard input in CSV format, then sorts and prints them to the standard output.

## Defining record

Define the record `AIRPORT` based on a structure having the following fields:

* `name`: name of the airport (a string having at most `30` characters, type: `char[]`)
* `city`: name of the city (a string having at most `30` characters, type: `char[]`)
* `runways`: number of runways (a positive integer, type: `int`)
* `time`: transfer time (a positive integer, type: `int`)


## Reading records from the standard input

Each line of the standard input represents a single record in the following format:

```
<name>;<city>;<runways>;<time>
```

**Notes:**

1. Solve the exercise in function `main()`.
4. The input uses semicolons (`';'`) as the delimiter.
5. Each line contains at most `100` characters.

**Types of input**

1. The end of the input is denoted with `EOF`. It is guaranteed, that the standard input contains at most `20` lines.

    ```
    Zurich Kloten;Zurich;3;360
    London Heathrow;London;2;240
    Istanbul Ataturk;Istambul;3;120
    Barcelona El Prat;Barcelona;3;150
    ```

2. The end of the input is denoted with a line containing the character sequence `"END"`. It is guaranteed that the standard input contains at most 20 lines. The last line should not be processed.

    ```
    Zurich Kloten;Zurich;3;360
    London Heathrow;London;2;240
    Istanbul Ataturk;Isztambul;3;120
    Barcelona El Prat;Barcelona;3;150
    END
    ```

3. The first line of the input contains the value `n` denoting the number of records. Each of the next `n` lines describes a record.

    ```
    4
    Zurich Kloten;Zurich;3;360
    London Heathrow;London;2;240
    Istanbul Ataturk;Isztambul;3;120
    Barcelona El Prat;Barcelona;3;150
    ```

## Sorting records

Sort the array using built-in function `qsort()`, and the following stages:

1. number of runways (descending)
2. transfer time (descending)
3. name (ascending)

**Notes:**

1. Invoke function `qsort()` in function `main()`.

## Writing records to the standard output

Write the elements of the sorted array to the standard output using in the following format:

```
<name> (<city>): <time>
```

**Notes:**

1. Each line contains one record.

## Sample execution

The following lines should be printed to the standard output in the case of all input formats:

```
Zurich Kloten (Zurich): 360
Barcelona El Prat (Barcelona): 150
Istanbul Ataturk (Istambul): 120
London Heathrow (London): 240
```