# Roller Coasters

Write a program that reads roller coasters from the standard input in CSV format, then sorts and prints them to the standard output.

## Defining record

Define the record `ROLLER_COASTER` based on a structure having the following fields:

* `name`: name of the coaster (a string having at most `30` characters, type: `char[]`)
* `world`: name of the world (a string having at most `30` characters, type: `char[]`)
* `height`: minimum height of people (a positive integer, type: `int`)
* `time`: waiting time (a positive integer, type: `int`)


## Reading records from the standard input

Each line of the standard input represents a single record in the following format:

```
<name>;<world>;<height>;<time>
```

**Notes:**

1. Solve the exercise in function `main()`.
4. The input uses semicolons (`';'`) as the delimiter.
5. Each line contains at most `100` characters.

**Types of input**

1. The end of the input is denoted with `EOF`. It is guaranteed, that the standard input contains at most `20` lines.

    ```
    Furius baco;Mediterranea;140;120
    Shambhala;China;140;120
    Dragon Khan;China;140;80
    Stampida;Far West;120;20
    Tami Tami;SesamoAventura;100;20
    El Diablo;Mexico;140;30
    ```

2. The end of the input is denoted with a line containing the character sequence `"END"`. It is guaranteed that the standard input contains at most 20 lines. The last line should not be processed.

    ```
    Furius baco;Mediterranea;140;120
    Shambhala;China;140;120
    Dragon Khan;China;140;80
    Stampida;Far West;120;20
    Tami Tami;SesamoAventura;100;20
    El Diablo;Mexico;140;30
    END
    ```

3. The first line of the input contains the value `n` denoting the number of records. Each of the next `n` lines describes a record.

    ```
    6
    Furius baco;Mediterranea;140;120
    Shambhala;China;140;120
    Dragon Khan;China;140;80
    Stampida;Far West;120;20
    Tami Tami;SesamoAventura;100;20
    El Diablo;Mexico;140;30
    ```

## Sorting records

Sort the array using built-in function `qsort()`, and the following stages:

1. waiting time (ascending)
2. height (descending)
3. name (ascending)

**Notes:**

1. Invoke function `qsort()` in function `main()`.

## Writing records to the standard output

Write the elements of the sorted array to the standard output using in the following format:

```
<name> (<world>): <time>
```

**Notes:**

1. Each line contains one record.

## Sample execution

The following lines should be printed to the standard output in the case of all input formats:

```
Stampida (Far West): 20
Tami Tami (SesamoAventura): 20
El Diablo (Mexico): 30
Dragon Khan (China): 80
Furius baco (Mediterranea): 120
Shambhala (China): 120
```